Add docs about Yoast Abilities (#386)
Yoast/developer: docs/features/yoast-abilities-api/recent-posts-readability-ability.md

* the `description` which describes briefly what the ability does
* the `input_schema` that describes what argument the ability expects and that's the number of recent posts we want
* the `output_schema` that describes what the ability is expected to return as a result and that's an array of objects, where for each post the object will contain its title and readability score

## Usage
To use the Recent Posts's Readability Ability, a _GET_ request to `/wp-json/wp-abilities/v1/abilities/yoast-seo/get-readability-scores/run?input[number_of_posts]=3` is sent, for the readability scores of the latest 3 posts.

Doing so in a website might yield the following result:
```
[
    {
        "title": "How to Meal Prep for the Entire Week in 2 Hours",
        "score": "good",
        "label": "Good"
    },
    {
        "title": "The Beginner’s Guide to Cooking with Cast Iron",
        "score": "good",
        "label": "Good"
    },
    {
        "title": "Things to Avoid when on a Protein-Based Diet",
        "score": "ok",
        "label": "OK"
    }
]
```

## How to disable it programmatically?

> There's a way to disable the Recent Posts's Readability Ability programmatically and that's by using the WP native `wp_abilities_api_init` action, likeso:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There's a way to disable the Recent Posts's Readability Ability programmatically and that's by using the WP native `wp_abilities_api_init` action, like so:
```
